Loading
By Flynn Duniho, Framklin Wayne, Timothy Trigmund, and DJ Kid Graphicz.

The airways frame the ultimate format 5 kilometers in the sky!
At night planes form position 0.
They showcase rose picture frames in the airport.
To waste size is to address non-optimum signs of the rose basket. At least 20 errors. Maybe even 100!
There was no other way to add to it this tim. The signs show that subsection 0 of the rose is crucial to operation! You must feed it 20 to enter. But after that there's a hundred ways to accomplish things!

When the weather's pleasant, the models predict good flying in the current timeframe, the next 360 minutes. Though often only 180 minutes.
On Thursday the roses bloomed nicely.
You can see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
In the future, submarines wil rule the skies, the time frame's only 2 years out! Scary.
You will be able see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
Then the red airports will run into bankruptcy, only other small funds in the bank.
File their funds in the red.
On Saturday the roses bloomed nicely.
The locomotives tried to keep up, to no avail. $0 in their bank, 0 progress made.
The next Thursday hit 180 degrees.
That Thursday, the roses bloomed nicely too.
You can still see them from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
In the future, submarines will rule the skies, the time frame's only 2 years out! We'll prepare.
You will be able see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
We'll have more aircrafts, quite a size number.
It'll be difficult. We blue people will prevail. No one gets in our way.
We have materials in abundance.
This Thursday hit 180 degrees.
On Saturday, the roses bloomed nicely.
You can still see them from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
In the future, submarines will rule the skies, the time frame's only 2 years out! How cute.
You will be able see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
We'll have more aircrafts and trucks, quite a sizeable number.
It won't be difficult. We blue people will prevail. 
The locomotives tried to keep up, to no avail. $0 in their bank, 0 progress made.
The next Thursday hit 180 degrees.
That Thursday, the roses bloomed nicely.
On Saturday the roses bloomed nicely too.
You can see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
In the future, submarines will rule the skies, the time frame's only 2 years out! Scary.
You will be able see them even from the planes moving 25 meters above the ground.
The red airports will run into bankruptcy, only other small funds in the bank.
File their funds in the red. No one gets in the blue peoples way.
